# ds_module_4_pandas
Pandas Homework

For this homework, I used Pandas to join 2 Dataframes and calculate average math and reading scores as well as the percentage of students who passed math, reading, or both for the entire area, per school, per grade at each school, per school size, and per school type. Using the Summary Tables that were created to display my results, I was able to determine that students at charter schools and students at small and medium sized school (schools with less than 2000 students) had higher test scores than students at district schools or at large schools. However, given that all but 1 charter school is a small or medium sized school and all of the district schools are large schools, it is impossible to conclusively state if the higher test scores were a result of the school type or school size. Additionally, the provided data didn't include a number of information that would have allowed for a more complete picture of the causes of student success on standardized tests. Another interesting conclusion is that the higher the budget per student, the lower the test grades. Some of the missing information include: student-to-teacher ratio for each grade and each school, the median household income for each school, etc. Some reasons the aforementioned information would be important in drawing conclusions include: 
1. While it can be inferred that smaller schools have smaller student-to-teacher ratios, that cannot be conclusively stated. If charter schools have smaller student-to-teacher ratios, then higher test grades could be attributable to students having more one-on-one time with teachers. However, if charter schools have similar student-to-teacher ratios to district schools, then it's likely that other factors than school size are indicative of student success.
2. Household income can determine how much outside of school help students get on their studies. If household income is low, students' parents are less likely to be able to provide homework or school assistance than their wealthier counterparts. As a result, household income could be a hidden variable determining why higher per student spending is inversely correlated with test scores. The district schools tended to spend more per student, but if those students come from lower income households, they might not have the outside-of-class support that students at charter schools might have if the household income of those students is higher